>> Kyle Simpson: So the point is that,
like every other operation,
the real question you should be asking
yourself is, is the coercion helpful?
Is it gonna be useful to
me at this point or not?
It puts the onus on you.
As you're learning to
be a better developer,
you should be making critical
thinking decisions for yourself.
Rather than relying upon what somebody
wrote in a tweet or a book somewhere,
someday, ten years ago,
you should really be asking yourself, for
this particular situation,
is it gonna be helpful to me or not?
>> Kyle Simpson: My claim, my thought is
that the double equals is not really about
comparisons with unknown types.
That's sort of the the fear that
is often spread about this topic,
is that the double equals is,
you have these unknown types and
have all these weird corner cases and
stuff.
That's not really what double equals is
about because the more important thing,
the thing I want you to take
away from this discussion,
is that you should be making your types
obvious when you make your comparisons.
Make it clear that you've got a number and
a number.
And if you know the types,
then double equals is entirely safe.
You can use it in places where you
know the types, and then you can
optionally decide to use it in places
where you wanna allow the coercion.
For example, that null and
undefined case that I just listed.
>> Kyle Simpson: JavaScript
has a dynamic type system, and
it uses various forms of
coercion both implicit and
explicit to handle those value type
conversions, including in our equality.
This is a good thing.
You simply cannot write quality JavaScript
programs without embracing that true fact,
without knowing what the types are and
making sure that it's obvious in the code,
what types are involved
in those operations.